Let's move on.
We're gonna talk just briefly about other
assistive technologies and then we're
gonna fire up a screen reader and
do some testing.
So there are other types of
assistive technologies and
other content types that
I wanted to mention.
So, I mean,
even a simple things like eyeglasses and
wheelchairs could be
considered assistive devices.
But as I mentioned,
there's braille displays.
If you're curious about those,
I have a link in here about how braille
displays help users navigate the web.
There's speech recognition and
voice control,
using things like
Dragon Naturally Speaking.
Tthere's also voice control for
iOS and macOS.
And I have a link in here from my buddy,
this guy named Ian Mackay,
who's a quadriplegic.
He's up in Washington where I live,
and he does a lot of work with
Apple to improve their software for
paraplegics, quadriplegics.
And so in this video that I've included,
he talks about Apple accessibility,
his work with them and how he uses it.
And so, yeah, he powers his wheelchair,
he's got a smart home that he uses,
voice control.
So he's a real ambassador for
using technology, it's changed his life.
He's super awesome.
So yeah, once you learn how people use
technology, it becomes less of a mystery.
It's like, well, yeah, of course,
we have to make it accessible,
cuz then Ian can't use it.
These are real people.
So switch devices are another way that
people navigate either a mobile device or
a computer.
So you can have a limited number of keys.
And there's a video in here
from Rob Dodson on A11ycasts,
he talks more about switch devices.
Screen magnification,
as you mentioned earlier,
you had to fire it up yesterday
to deal with a vision issue.
And so that's there all the time.
We have screen magnification and
zoom built into our platforms.
There's also third party software
with things like zoom text.
And just to sort of make sure we cover
this, just somewhere in the workshop,
I wanted to mention transcripts and
closed captions cuz those are so
critical for people who are deaf or
hard of hearing to follow along.
Sort of a different approach,
but both transcripts and
close captions are critical anytime
you have audio or media content.
And then audio descriptions,
which are a little more related to
people who use screen readers, but
it's like alternative text for video.
And so if you watch Netflix or Hulu or
something, when you watch a show,
there are nonverbal things
that happen in those shows.
That if they could be described with
audio descriptions, you turn it on or
play an audio described
version of a video, and
it will read all of that stuff
aloud along with the dialogue.